docs/README.md, before:

# Sodium-Plus

## Getting Started

You always want to use `SodiumPlus` from within an asynchronous function.

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;
async function myFunction() {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();

    // Now you can use sodium.FUNCTION_NAME_HERE()
}
```

### CryptographyKey

All cryptographic secrets are contained within a `CryptographyKey` object
(or one of its derived classes). You can create and access them like so:

```javascript
const { CryptographyKey } = require('sodium-plus');
let buf = Buffer.alloc(32);
let key = new CryptographyKey(buf);

// If you do this, the internal buffer will not be visible!
console.log(key);

// You'll need to do this instead:
console.log(key.getBuffer());
```

The following classes inherit from `CryptographyKey`:

* `Ed25519PublicKey` -- Ed25519 public key
* `Ed25519SecretKey` -- Ed25519 secret key
* `X25519PublicKey` -- X25519 public key
* `X25519SecretKey` -- X25519 secret key

## SodiumPlus Methods

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt

Decrypt a message (and optional associated data) with XChaCha20-Poly1305.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` Ciphertext
2. `{string|Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{CryptographyKey}` key
4. `{string|Buffer}` assocData 

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.
Throws a `SodiumError` on decryption failure.

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt

Encrypt a message (and optional associated data) with XChaCha20-Poly1305.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` Plaintext
2. `{string|Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{CryptographyKey}` key
4. `{string|Buffer}` assocData 

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen

Returns a `CryptographyKey` object containing a key appropriate
for the `crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_` API.

### Example for crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_*

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let key = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen();
    let nonce = await sodium.randombytes_buf(24);
    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt(
        plaintext,
        nonce,
        key    
    );

    console.log(ciphertext.toString('hex'));

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt(
        ciphertext,
        nonce,
        key
    );

    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```

### crypto_auth

Get an authenticator for a message for a given key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` message
2. `{CryptographyKey}` key

Return a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_auth_verify

Verify an authenticator for a message for a given key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` message
2. `{CryptographyKey}` key
2. `{Buffer}` mac

Return a `Promise` that resolves to a `boolean`.

### crypto_auth_keygen

Returns a `CryptographyKey` object containing a key appropriate
for the `crypto_auth` API.

### Example for crypto_auth_*

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let key = await sodium.crypto_auth_keygen();
    let mac = await sodium.crypto_auth(plaintext, key);
    console.log(await sodium.crypto_auth_verify(plaintext, key, mac));
})();
```

### crypto_box

Public-key authenticated encryption.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` plaintext
2. `{Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
4. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_box_open

Public-key authenticated encryption.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{Buffer}` ciphertext
2. `{Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
4. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.
Throws a `SodiumError` on decryption failure.

### crypto_box_keypair

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `CryptographyKey` containing a 64-byte
`Buffer`. The first 32 bytes are your X25519 secret key, the latter 32 are your
X25519 public key.

### crypto_box_keypair_from_secretkey_and_secretkey

Combine two X25519 keys (secret, public) into a keypair object.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `CryptographyKey`.

### crypto_box_publickey

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{CryptographyKey}` (buffer must be 64 bytes long)

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519SecretKey`.


### crypto_box_secretkey

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{CryptographyKey}` (buffer must be 64 bytes long)

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519PublicKey`.

### crypto_box_publickey_from_secretkey

Derive the public key from a given X25519 secret key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{X25519SecretKey}`

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519PublicKey`.

### Example for crypto_box

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let aliceKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let aliceSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(aliceKeypair);
        let alicePublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(aliceKeypair);
    let bobKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let bobSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(bobKeypair);
        let bobPublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(bobKeypair);
    
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let nonce = await sodium.randombytes_buf(24);

    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_box(plaintext, nonce, aliceSecret, bobPublic);    
    console.log(ciphertext);

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_box_open(ciphertext, nonce, bobSecret, alicePublic);
    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```

### crypto_box_seal

Anonymous public-key encryption. (Message integrity is still assured.)

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` plaintext
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_box_seal_open

Anonymous public-key decryption. (Message integrity is still assured.)

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{Buffer}` ciphertext
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### Example for crypto_box_seal

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let aliceKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let aliceSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(aliceKeypair);
        let alicePublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(aliceKeypair);
    
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';

    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_box_seal(plaintext, alicePublic);    
    console.log(ciphertext);

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_box_seal_open(ciphertext, alicePublic, aliceSecret);
    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```

Commit message:

Link to the quick reference

docs/README.md, after:

# Sodium-Plus

## Getting Started

You always want to use `SodiumPlus` from within an asynchronous function.

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;
async function myFunction() {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();

    // Now you can use sodium.FUNCTION_NAME_HERE()
}
```

### CryptographyKey

All cryptographic secrets are contained within a `CryptographyKey` object
(or one of its derived classes). You can create and access them like so:

```javascript
const { CryptographyKey } = require('sodium-plus');
let buf = Buffer.alloc(32);
let key = new CryptographyKey(buf);

// If you do this, the internal buffer will not be visible!
console.log(key);

// You'll need to do this instead:
console.log(key.getBuffer());
```

The following classes inherit from `CryptographyKey`:

* `Ed25519PublicKey` -- Ed25519 public key
* `Ed25519SecretKey` -- Ed25519 secret key
* `X25519PublicKey` -- X25519 public key
* `X25519SecretKey` -- X25519 secret key

## SodiumPlus Methods

This describes the methods in the public API for Sodium-Plus.
If you're not sure which method to use, please refer to the
[Libsodium Quick Reference](https://paragonie.com/blog/2017/06/libsodium-quick-reference-quick-comparison-similar-functions-and-which-one-use)
for guidance.

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt

Decrypt a message (and optional associated data) with XChaCha20-Poly1305.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` Ciphertext
2. `{string|Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{CryptographyKey}` key
4. `{string|Buffer}` assocData 

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.
Throws a `SodiumError` on decryption failure.

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt

Encrypt a message (and optional associated data) with XChaCha20-Poly1305.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` Plaintext
2. `{string|Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{CryptographyKey}` key
4. `{string|Buffer}` assocData 

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen

Returns a `CryptographyKey` object containing a key appropriate
for the `crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_` API.

### Example for crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_*

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let key = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen();
    let nonce = await sodium.randombytes_buf(24);
    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt(
        plaintext,
        nonce,
        key    
    );

    console.log(ciphertext.toString('hex'));

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt(
        ciphertext,
        nonce,
        key
    );

    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```

### crypto_auth

Get an authenticator for a message for a given key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` message
2. `{CryptographyKey}` key

Return a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_auth_verify

Verify an authenticator for a message for a given key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` message
2. `{CryptographyKey}` key
2. `{Buffer}` mac

Return a `Promise` that resolves to a `boolean`.

### crypto_auth_keygen

Returns a `CryptographyKey` object containing a key appropriate
for the `crypto_auth` API.

### Example for crypto_auth_*

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let key = await sodium.crypto_auth_keygen();
    let mac = await sodium.crypto_auth(plaintext, key);
    console.log(await sodium.crypto_auth_verify(plaintext, key, mac));
})();
```

### crypto_box

Public-key authenticated encryption.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` plaintext
2. `{Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
4. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_box_open

Public-key authenticated encryption.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{Buffer}` ciphertext
2. `{Buffer}` nonce (must be 24 bytes)
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
4. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.
Throws a `SodiumError` on decryption failure.

### crypto_box_keypair

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `CryptographyKey` containing a 64-byte
`Buffer`. The first 32 bytes are your X25519 secret key, the latter 32 are your
X25519 public key.

### crypto_box_keypair_from_secretkey_and_secretkey

Combine two X25519 keys (secret, public) into a keypair object.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `CryptographyKey`.

### crypto_box_publickey

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{CryptographyKey}` (buffer must be 64 bytes long)

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519SecretKey`.


### crypto_box_secretkey

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{CryptographyKey}` (buffer must be 64 bytes long)

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519PublicKey`.

### crypto_box_publickey_from_secretkey

Derive the public key from a given X25519 secret key.

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{X25519SecretKey}`

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `X25519PublicKey`.

### Example for crypto_box

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let aliceKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let aliceSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(aliceKeypair);
        let alicePublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(aliceKeypair);
    let bobKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let bobSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(bobKeypair);
        let bobPublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(bobKeypair);
    
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';
    let nonce = await sodium.randombytes_buf(24);

    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_box(plaintext, nonce, aliceSecret, bobPublic);    
    console.log(ciphertext);

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_box_open(ciphertext, nonce, bobSecret, alicePublic);
    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```

### crypto_box_seal

Anonymous public-key encryption. (Message integrity is still assured.)

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{string|Buffer}` plaintext
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### crypto_box_seal_open

Anonymous public-key decryption. (Message integrity is still assured.)

**Parameters and their respective types**:

1. `{Buffer}` ciphertext
2. `{X25519PublicKey}` public key
3. `{X25519SecretKey}` secret key

Returns a `Promise` that resolves to a `Buffer`.

### Example for crypto_box_seal

```javascript
const { SodiumPlus } = require('sodium-plus');
let sodium;

(async function () {
    if (!sodium) sodium = await SodiumPlus.auto();
    let aliceKeypair = await sodium.crypto_box_keypair();
        let aliceSecret = await sodium.crypto_box_secretkey(aliceKeypair);
        let alicePublic = await sodium.crypto_box_publickey(aliceKeypair);
    
    let plaintext = 'Your message goes here';

    let ciphertext = await sodium.crypto_box_seal(plaintext, alicePublic);    
    console.log(ciphertext);

    let decrypted = await sodium.crypto_box_seal_open(ciphertext, alicePublic, aliceSecret);
    console.log(decrypted.toString());
})();
```
